Add vite-eslint (#45)
vitejs/awesome-vite: README.md

- [vite-plugin-purge-icons](https://github.com/antfu/purge-icons/tree/main/packages/vite-plugin-purge-icons) - Bundles icons on demand by PurgeIcons.
- [vite-plugin-pwa](https://github.com/antfu/vite-plugin-pwa) - 2️⃣ Zero-config PWA for Vite.
- [vite-plugin-i18n-resources](https://github.com/fvena/vite-plugin-i18n-resources) - 2️⃣ Vite plugin to load i18n translation message files.

> - [vite-eslint](https://github.com/ehutch79/vite-eslint) - Vite plugin that alows eslint to work with vites rollup config and dev server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [vite-eslint](https://github.com/ehutch79/vite-eslint) - allows ESLint to work with bundling and dev server.
```
